hey guys what is up my name is Sarah DT
rants @pg i do vlogs i do a lot of
different type of content like more
document or documentary style stuff here
on youtube i've been doing it for a few
years and if you are watching this you
know again where or if you're watching
this post live welcome turn on those
post notifications so you can check me
out when i go live i'm just getting into
this so let me know if the audio is good
let me know where you guys are tuning in
from i'm going to be taking your
questions about video about filmmaking
about YouTube about how I got my start
and yeah so there's a lot to the story
and what I like about live streams is
that we can just get to exactly what you
want to know so I have the opportunity
to really like dig into your actual
questions you can talk to me so yeah as
you guys are coming in let me know where
you're from smash that like button let's
get this live stream gun I've been here
at the office like all day filming and
stuff so it's been super super super fun
okay audio is good so we're good we're
good we're good Arizona Chicago um
amazing amazing Jeremy says hello from
Canada these comments are crazy
Rhys says snow in Texas oh my goodness I
am going back to Texas for the holidays
which I'm super excited about I will
definitely bring you guys on the imagery
but if you're tuning in today you will
know about video stuff so feel free to
drop some questions I'll give you kind
of a lay of the land in terms of how I
make videos and what tools I use I did
link up a lot of stuff in the
description below if you have questions
about what types of videos I make I put
some vlog travel premier basic things I
down there in the description
you guys still tell me where you're from
so now hit me up with some video
questions so I primarily use Sony
equipment so I was back here sony a7s
this is actually a new mic I'm trying
out this is a Sennheiser mic but I
typically have the rode videomic pro on
top of here so in between the a 7's and
the Sony rx100 Mark five I used to use
the rx100 literally like all the time I
wouldn't even pick up my a 7s but then I
started using my a 7s - a ton or I used
it in out of time but I used it in a few
videos and image quality is just so good
and the audio quality is good because
you get to stick it in your camera and
yeah and then I use Adobe Premiere CC
for editing oh my goodness and so I keep
forgetting that I super chat turned on
so Dustin bang it's basically where if
you like donate money your comment gets
like super big and super colorful so
thank you Dustin Bing vlogger from
Charlotte North Carolina here fYI you're
awesome thank you thank you thank you
thank you okay so let's just start the
first question Mazin asks how do you
come up with the ideas for your videos
that is a fantastic question so in the
beginning when I was starting out it it
really was school project based so I
made like super cheesy rap music videos
it's true I was obsessed with music but
my dad had a Canon t3i I didn't have a
camera and I just threw everything on
audio auto and I just went with it but I
loved editing so I started an iMovie
worked up to Final Cut I actually took a
class in high school freshman year of
high school an audio/video class where I
learned everything I know really about
editing in Final Cut Pro 7 so guys I
know school can be lame it can be
honestly the lamest thing ever but
really dig into some of those fun
extracurricular activities that you can
do or what are those called like not
your core classes but the I forgot what
the call um but where you can get into
some creative stuff because
learning that in a school environment it
really gets you going we have to do
homework and stuff so then it was like
school then it was travel that's all of
my videos ideas like where can I go next
so I went to Greece and Iceland and just
traveling around the u.s. a lot
Tennessee that's how I kind of fell in
love with Tennessee and then now how I
come up with video ideas for YouTube is
strictly based on my interest and so the
past five months I really kind of
recenter my stuff around what it was in
the beginning and that is just tech and
creativity I'm obsessed with making
amazing videos that's not I conceded
making amazing I'm sorry I'm obsessed
with making videos about amazing
creative people so a lot of what I do
started out with a docu-series called
creative spaces TV where I highlighted
different graphic designers and
filmmakers and that really got me into
the documentary style stuff and I'm I'm
just I really I love creative people and
I love learning about their processes
and then I love the tools in order to
create I look I love unboxing cameras
and phones and watches and speakers and
computers that's why it's been so fun
moving into a office like I have a space
to fit out what gear and stuff and I've
been bringing you guys along with me
which has been super funny and let me
know if you have been enjoying that so
right now I the logistics of it is I
keep a Trillo board they're actually a
sponsor in one of the videos but Trello
calm this isn't sponsored right now but
it's basically a organized way to keep
lists and I love lists so on my Trello
board I have video ideas and then videos
to shoot and then videos to edit and
it's really easy to move cards and stuff
and so as I'm going out my day if
there's a new phone that's out or
there's a new camera or something I need
to test here's a little exclusive that
you guys are getting don't tell anyone
but I'm making a video they'll hopefully
be out in the next two weeks about my
first video camera ever and this is it
so I've been going through a ton of I've
spent three hours today trying to figure
out how to get footage off of this with
like new computers so yeah I had that
idea I found that my first camera ever
and I was like oh my gosh that'd make an
epic video my first video camera ever
and then it rolls from there so yeah I
just keep list and then I moved the list
and yeah I usually have about ten ideas
at a time and then I'll decide which one
to shoot all right so just keep in mind
you are gonna get blacked if you say
inappropriate stuff or you're just like
nasty in the comments so uh where's
Johnny boy he is out of town right now
and I am actually meeting him where he
is tomorrow I know it's super cryptic
but oh my gosh Craig Collins with the
five dollar super chat donation and he
said hi hello Craig Craig as everybody
Craig Adams amazing Sarah is it cold in
New York yes but not really it was only
like 45 degrees today which is insane
um let's see let's see questions about
video editing hey didn't Kendall says
what would you say to people that want
to be youtubers I say start with why why
do you want to be a youtuber because I
think that will be very telling of you
know your intentions and I think
honestly it should come from a spot
where you have a passion and you want to
share it through video form so say you
love knitting and you don't mind editing
videos it's like a hobby of yours
YouTube is a great place but say you
love knitting but you hate making videos
YouTube you have to commit so much time
and so much effort to it so liking
making videos is gonna help you so if
you like making
shooting and editing you're already
you're already ahead of the game so yeah
follow your passion oh my gosh $5 super
chat Anthony
Crouch would you recommend any good
books on video filming or editing oh
that is a good question any books I
don't know about books oh I'm a big
podcaster no I listen to a ton of
podcasts and audiobooks more about like
business and entrepreneurial stuff but
in terms of filming or editing I would
just strongly encourage YouTube Google
whatever you want to Google like
download the trial of Adobe Premiere or
Final Cut or iMovie it's free on the
iMac and then try to make a video and
every time that you run into a problem
just Google that problem or YouTube and
there's usually gonna be a YouTube video
on it um some good channels that I would
recommend for editing um oh gosh
why am I forgetting his name he's my
friend an Alex phishing TV with another
five dollar super chat dang guys hi
Sarah what makes a video cinematic just
the slow-mo I want to answer that
question - okay I want to give you guys
some people to watch and learn so I
actually linked up some of my tutorials
on premiere on how to edit in the
description already so you can check
that out I don't know why I'm blinking
on people but I'll go back and link some
good people to follow on how to shoot
edit someone who okay yeah someone who
goes my mind Peter McKinnon look at
Peter McKinnon he's fantastic he has a
whole squad of filmers it's like
filmmakers I feel like that you can
follow as well that he's friends with
and so what makes a video cinematic is
it just the slow-mo I would say whatever
makes a video cinematic is something
that cinematic is such a weird word so I
would relate cinematic with amazing
cinematography really good color grading
and in something that almost feels like
it should be in the movie theaters I I
think we have a lot of sick content on
these different platforms nowadays where
I'll be watching on YouTube video and
I'm like this could be this could be you
know in the theaters so I think it's
just in good storytelling so when you
mix in good storytelling really pretty
footage and just amazing cinematography
and like advance shots and stuff so that
could be Steadicam shots where you're
you have or there's a way - how do I
describe Steadicam just someone who
wouldn't know basically Steadicam is a
device I've made a video on this that
you connect your camera to that keeps
your camera steady yeah that's the bad
thing about live streams is if something
just Falls from your mind you don't know
how to say a sentence which which
happens a lot to me you can't recover
because it's like hey guys oh my
goodness
10 euro super chat by concept creator
keep up the crazy amount of work and
about why starting YouTube couldn't
agree more thanks dude
that means a lot y'all's support is
everything and it gets me so stoked to
keep on creating something I will say
that maybe you guys can take in your
daily lives whether you work or you're
in school or you're trying to figure out
a passion of yours is in the beginning I
think there's always a question it's
like quantity versus quality no matter
what you're doing and I think in the
beginning when you're getting a start in
video I think quality is the most
important how are you going to stand up
and then once you get some traction
that's when quantity starts to matter
and for a year I thought quantity was
the most important thing and so you know
I posted five videos a week and it
killed me I was making good videos five
weeks that means I wasn't sleeping I
wasn't talking to people I was slightly
miserable but it took me a year to
figure out my flow and I think a few oh
my gosh someone just $20 super chat you
guys are crazy
Nicholas I'll get to your comment but
what I was saying was I think you kind
of have to like keep reevaluating what
you're doing with quantity or quality
because like four or five months ago I
made a video called I don't like daily
vlogging and that was true because five
videos a week was killing crushing my
soul but I went back to like my roots is
like what do I enjoy making what makes
me happy balance that with what does my
audience want to see because you can't
just say what makes me happy you also
have to be reasonable what is working on
the platform you're on and so yeah I was
just kind of like I don't really like
daily vlogging and so I lean more into
tech and creativity and I've just been
doing more videos that are focused it's
not like oh I have to wake up and you
know make a video today I got a little
let's come up with something it's like
oh today I have my first video camera
ever and I'm gonna make a video about
that because I'm inspired by that and so
if I wake up and I'm I don't have
anything to film then that's an editing
day and I edit in my email so that's why
you're seeing me post more 2 to 3 times
a week because it enables me to be
better and to be happier I like my life
guys that's good right right Nicholas
says love you and John have you lost
weight also any tips on making a boring
subject interesting I would like to do
videos on code but it's so text-based
that it's difficult yes very good
questions
and have I lost weight so I will say New
York has been good to me in terms of you
have to be active in this city I'm
always walking and stuff and so the
moment I moved to New York I actually
did lose like 10 pounds from Nashville
because the Nashville Tennessee and in
Dallas Texas you literally just drive
everywhere you don't have to walk in
terms of learning or teaching something
in the medium of text or a video I think
it really depends on how you learn when
it's a subject like coding so I was a
computer science major a lot of you guys
might not know that but I did electrical
engineering in computer science for 3.5
years before I dropped out and coding is
boring yeah it's definitely boring and I
I just learned it via text book and my
tests were paper paper and pen
I wasn't we weren't able to like look at
any resources so it just came from her
head and I actually was writing down
code instead of in the computer which i
think is a mess so when it comes to
coding if you're learning it I think you
should definitely check out the
different boot camps that are out there
the online courses where it's project
base I wish college could embrace the
community aspect of it and really like
lean into it
but also do project-based things to
where you know maybe your test is a
project or your test is where you're
typing in code to a computer and you're
solving an actual real-world problem all
right I have let me know how you guys
feel about school but I have a ton of
bones to pick about how school is so
young
all right all you guys are chat chat and
chat and chat and if you guys are just
tuning in or you like this stream smash
that mother-father like button I'm sorry
for that it's like dang she's as weird
as she seems in the videos official Sean
Kent just sent in $1 appreciate you bro
let's see then John's asked how do you
get more people to see your videos Caden
says Merry Christmas
Christian asked what are your thoughts
on Parsons School of Design actually
here that is a fantastic school the
video is getting darker hmm oh let's see
what are you New Yorker are you getting
the new iMac I don't think so but it
looks sick I think my 2017 macbook is
gonna hold me over let's see let's see
let's see I hate a GP
I swear guys sometimes when I'm talking
a little bit of Texas comes out I've
lived and I live in Dallas Texas for 20
years in my life so I got a little twang
every now and then Peter says I hate the
educational system in the US yeah Kerry
or Kerry says can you talk about self
branding yeah which i think is super
important so self self branding and then
Don Allen with the $2 super chat
thoughts about motion graphics and
videos um I think motion graphics and
videos is sick if you can pull it off I
actually think that's a huge white space
that no one is really doing well mixing
in motion graphics and video so there
you go you should do that um and then so
pretty I think that some of you guys are
asking cryptocurrency questions I like
me some cryptocurrency y'all know I've
been into it some time but I've been
dropping subtle hints every now and then
uh self-rating in the beginning do not
worry about self ranting make make make
make make was I just dabbing right there
uh make as much content as possible it's
like I can't say the word content in
ruling whether it's video photo text
just make make make you're going to
create a kind of self a brand for
yourself so I didn't have the whole stay
peachy thing like I I had let's see what
was the timeline basically I just kept
making videos I really kind of fell into
my style I think just kind of tacking
creativity and travel and the stay
peachy thing was a thing before I made
it everything before I changed all of my
fonts to like peach color and yellow so
I think once you notice certain themes
that's when maybe you can pay attention
to self branding I'm a sucker for good
graphic design I love when design solves
a problem when design is simple but it
looks good like I appreciate that I feel
like it just got brighter why does it
just get brighter I mean that's good but
yeah I appreciate good self branding
hopefully you guys think I am good with
it
maybe one of these streams oh my gosh
you guys are just super chatting like
crazy what's the best color correction
tool I'm currently using film convert
Pro right now and
I use Magic Bullet film looks previously
the print life with that $20 super check
what hey Sarah
I am can I have been shooting tutorials
and vlogs about my life as a t-shirt
print shop owner called the print life
how many years did you crank along on
YouTube until your work started to catch
on well that's super it see that's super
cool you have a thing print shop owner
and you know I'm assuming you want to
use your YouTube channel to share behind
the scenes but ultimately sell more
prints but that's super cool because you
have a purpose with a lot of people just
want to start a YouTube channel start a
YouTube channel so I started my youtube
channel I pushed my first youtube video
September 2011 six years ago which is
crazy
my first video ever was a guitar pedal
like demo because I wanted to sell it
and so that literally just started with
the notion of like I need to get this
off of me this pedal it's like a rare
vintage one so I want to sell it make
good money off of it and that is was my
first video ever then I didn't post for
a while until in 2015 when I started
traveling and so there was a solid year
of just consistently posting leveling up
my skills going farther with like a
documentary series and it was non-stop I
think for a year and a half and then I
made a viral video I went from four
thousand to a hundred thousand
subscribers and then that was probably a
year and a half ago and I've been
chugging along ever since and I've been
enjoying the peachy fam hanging out with
you guys along the way so yeah good luck
with your print shop that's sick Dylan
Packard with that five dollars too much
at what the heck guys you always support
the PG fan go crazy hey Sarah you're
super encouraging and awesome is it
worth investing in mobile videography
and how do you do mobile photography and
videography well that is such a huge
thing right now in terms of all these
like new smart
smartphones coming out I feel like every
moths overwhelming Ashley I see phones
as like a sub what's the word
supplemental filmmaking tool to where if
that is the only camera you have it's a
good camera because it's the one that
you have and it's the one that's always
on you but I mean an a7 s arx100 is
gonna look better it's gonna have more
versatility than the phone so I would
say if you have the ability to invest in
maybe like a better point shoe or even
an interchangeable lens system like an
a7 s or a Canon a TD go for it so yeah
yeah yeah
five dollars too much at I'm gonna
butcher your name
Gazi Lynne Jamie terrible hi Sara I'm a
CS major how did you make time for vlogs
in school I didn't sleep basically well
no I did sleep I slept in class um yeah
I was just like I've never been more of
a hustler than when I was in high school
in college I had such hunger for making
videos and such a hate for school that
it got to a point where my last two
semesters of school I was just like
doing the bare minimum and yeah editing
and videoing everything that I could by
the way I hate the double standards and
CS computer science I'd rather vlog than
code in spare time you just you gotta
find your thing you know you you do you
both if you like coding code but do not
do coding just because it's a
responsible like the responsible thing
to do you know I'm Sam another super
Trapp from observe first you know if
Sony is ever gonna get into the flip
screen game dude I hope so
like I am the person that's so hardcore
wants that and needs that especially
because I've been using a 7s2 more you
know
also if you come to Montana we should
collab JK but really I've never been to
Montana what's special in Montana yeah
guys it's almost been 30 minutes this
has been sick let me know if you have
any other questions let me answer a few
more just like the non super chat ones
oh let's see blaster master says what's
the point of going to school if you
sleep through class that's why I dropped
out blaster master um Nick Jones says
please collab more with Peter McKinnon I
hope I can he's a cool dude very
talented ah let's see let's see oh you
guys are just like commenting the heck
out of this how do you story tell and
edit for me all of the storytelling
happens and edit I am more passionate
about editing than I am filming in the
perfect world I would have a film or
every single day but yeah Jacob Russia
has heart your videos let Justin know
I'm a video editor okay I will her no I
just seen it like say she's the coolest
person ever um echo 34 says do you plan
on doing any more videos with Austin
Evans I hope so he's a talented dude I
really enjoyed making a video with him
fruit juice says how's your ollie
have you practice more no I haven't I
just have it I haven't actually pushed
on a skateboard and so long it's like
blasphemy being John's girlfriend how's
the new apartment the new apartment is
fantastic tomorrow I'm actually coming
out with a video about home tech and
what is in my home if it's a Mazon
echoes video cameras etc so make sure
you're subscribed you have that
notification bell turned on so you can
yeah be the first to watch gonna be a
sec video what's coming together it's
coming together Tommy says free he
quoted free time as the enemy of
progress I follow that quote every day
ya do that surgery you should you should
never be bored if you are bored you are
doing something wrong your free time
should be your hustle time your side
hustle time what is your passion what do
you want to do more you know what I'm
saying
concept creator again with a five dollar
super chat I have to go as well good
night if you have some time ever you can
let me know what you think of my
concepts anyway okay thank you
alright I'm gonna answer three more
question or two two more if you want
three more questions hit that like
button right now smash that mother can
we get it to five 500 likes if we can
get it to 500 likes I am going to answer
three more questions but if we don't I'm
just gonna like sit here and stare at
you guys see that's not that's not good
that's not it oh I see you moving up I
see it okay I guess I'm gonna start
answering questions again keep on
hitting that like button
Bobbi near Texas does carbon fiber
tripod really matter I oh my gosh guys
we're almost at 500 and carbon fiber
tripods I've never owned one carbon
fiber tripods are like $200 $300 more
expensive neuro ones basically they're
more durable and they are lighter so if
that lightness is a thing then sure and
if you have the money short but I never
wanted to pay oh my gosh we passed 500
likes you guys are insane squad lit fan
squad squad okay we have two more
questions cuz you got you got past five
oh my gosh we're almost at 600 Aaron
came he's alright I found you recently
through at McKinnon I love your work
five things that you credit to your
excess feeling stuck and unable to
create five things that I credit to my
six-six yes the people in my life I was
a part of a super creative church back
in Texas that like taught me almost
everything I know
um time in Middle School in high school
you don't think that you have time but
that's actually you have all the time in
the world to like try what you want to
do cuz you don't have to worry about
rent you don't have to worry about money
and I had like the privilege of that
because there's always food on my table
like whoo so I got to go out and work
and buy camera gear from money that I
worked number three um work ethic for
hustle ethic just kidding yeah yeah and
then five just like the cities that I've
been able to live in Dallas played a
very important role in my life
Nashville played a very important role
in my life and in New York played an
important role in my life I think where
you are located does matter and New York
is the best the best the best of us
Jacobs adventure hey Sara big fan here I
really love rid of Kip a girl I make
vlogs is one I live in New England
England is my city if I ever come to New
York could we collab for a vlog Jax
adventure tweet me or something maybe we
make it happen all right so this is the
last question and we are literally on uh
so I can't talk cat says how did the
Adobe Creative resident help fill your
film okay yes the Adobe Creative
residency that should have been number
five that helped me 100% get to me
where I am if you guys have not heard of
the Adobe Creative residency google it
it is a opportunity that I got that
basically Adobe pays for you to pursue
your passion projects for an entire year
without worrying about a salary
yeah that was amazing okay last question
that is the reason why I don't do music
I'm completely tone-deaf I don't think
I'm tone-deaf we'll peachy emerge should
be back in stock Gabe it won't be back
in stock but I am making another drop
soon hopefully soon yeah okay let's see
let's see let's see let's see let's see
let's see those are so many questions so
many questions okay I think oh I think
this is a juicy one to end on because
you got me to 500 likes I'm gonna answer
a juicy question for you guys I just
lost it I want to say the person's name
oh my gosh person where did your name go
okay here we go
Johan Maya how you make money how you
make money so on this YouTube channel
basically there's this is a good
opportunity to describe and to maybe
like spark some ideas on how to make
money so on YouTube specifically or
making videos basically you have Google
Adsense which is like YouTube puts an ad
in your video you get a cut of that
which doesn't make a lot of my earnings
and then you have affiliate links where
I you know I do reviews of stuff that
are on Amazon and so Amazon has an
affiliate program where say you buy a
thousand dollar camera well I get two
dollars from that purchase and so that
adds up a little bit that I would say
Adsense and affiliate are like the
smallest part of my thing and then the
two big breadwinners I think for a lot
of youtubers would be either funding
like crowdfunding via patreon or working
with brands and so I found that before I
did YouTube I did a lot
of content for companies that just lived
on their channel so I would just be the
person behind the camera and the editor
and so I really knew how to work within
the creative restraints of what a
company wanted for a video and so now
that I'm a youtuber I have my own
audience I have my own voice on this
platform it's like super rad but now
companies come to me and say hey I want
to get this certain message out in your
voice and so it's super cool that you
know maybe there's a crazy video I want
to make and that means that I do a
one-minute shout out from a brand and
then I make that crazy video or a brand
is like hey we have this opportunity
that you would not have had if you don't
work with us do this and we'll sponsor
your video so a good example of that is
I work with AT&T
the last video I did with him is vulture
festival in New York so I got to in guys
I got to interview people like Tim
Ferriss and Neil Patrick Harris I am
obsessed with how I met your mother and
I legit got to talk to Neil Patrick
Harris and interview him for ten minutes
that would not have been possible
without working with a company like AT&T
and so for the stuff that I do I like
doing that more because it's it's fun
for me it's almost like putting on
creative limits which makes you more
creative like I think when you have
certain limits that are put on you by
another person or something that oh but
like you have to be more creative to
make that exciting and that's cool to me
so I enjoy that more and I think it's
more appropriate for my audience to do
that instead of patreon I dude I think
patreon is an amazing way to support
creators like dope but I think it has to
be like certain creators in terms of
like I would feel weird almost like
begging or just asking my audience to
fork up money for every single time I
posted a video just yeah it just feels
like we're
to me but almost like dirty so I would
rather be like all of you internet
people out there you probably don't have
five dollars to give to me every time I
post a video but if you can offer one
minute of your time that I can tell you
about a cool brand that I support it
then heck yeah and then we can continue
watching this awesome video like I like
that idea better than being like support
me on patreon please I don't know you
guys let me know what you think about
that but yeah to Gabe's question like
will peachy merch be back
yes peachy merch is gonna be back that's
a good example of kind of like version
of patreon where it's like if you want
to go above and beyond and rep literally
like peachy merch on your person and
like really support your girl then Frick
yeah you can do that but that's just
like that extra step that's not the
minimum of just me making videos for you
guys does that make sense hopefully that
makes sense um thank you for people
saying that um you like my music taste
that means a lot because I love music oh
yeah hopefully that makes sense
hopefully that offers some insight onto
like how do you start on videos how to
monetize on YouTube and also I had
premiere pulled up and I thought I was
gonna get into some more like premiere
oriented editing things which maybe I'll
do a later time will like really dig in
and it'll just be premiere and me let me
know if you guys would want to see that
um yeah I I just I massively appreciate
you guys I mean I don't want to leave
because I just want to read all of your
comments so yeah yeah yeah thanks guys
thanks thanks thanks and if you're new
to this channel welcome welcome well I
mean we get creative
I think you guys know that yeah you guys
are just so a new video tomorrow it's
all about home tech so if you're curious
me about last minute Christmas resident
you want to buy an Amazon echo maybe you
want to know some tips and tricks I put
it in there I don't know what that was
but yeah Oh what if you're in school
good luck with finals because I hated my
life during this time and you guys are
gonna need all the luck in the world so
let me know if you like this video hit
that subscribe button down below for new
videos every single week I'm using my
arms a lot turn on post notifications
and I think the last thing I have to say
is stay peachy okay